+	RARROW	arrow pointing right
,	LARROW	arrow pointing left
-	UARROW	arrow pointing up
.	DARROW	arrow pointing down
0	BLOCK	solid square block
`	DIAMOND	diamond
a	CKBOARD	checker board (stipple)
f	DEGREE	degree symbol
g	PLMINUS	plus/minus
h	BOARD	board of squares
i	LANTERN	lantern symbol
j	LRCORNER	lower right corner
k	URCORNER	upper right corner
l	ULCORNER	upper left corner
m	LLCORNER	lower left corner
n	PLUS	large plus or crossover
o	S1	scan line 1
p	S3	scan line 3
q	HLINE	horizontal line
r	S7	scan line 7
s	S9	scan line 9
t	LTEE	tee pointing right
u	RTEE	tee pointing left
v	BTEE	tee pointing up
w	TTEE	tee pointing down
x	VLINE	vertical line
y	LEQUAL	less/equal
z	GEQUAL	greater/equal
{	PI	Pi
|	NEQUAL	not equal
}	STERLING	UK pound sign
~	BULLET	bullet
